docs: add faq about grafana OOM (#872)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/user-guide/faq.md

The risks are usually due to novelty of the feature or uncertainties in the open-source ecosystem.
By using Preview Features, the Customer accepts these additional risks.

## Why are my grafana dashboards not working?

Sometimes when increasing the amount of metrics emitted to prometheus, or selecting a larger time frame for your dashboards, they might stop working and show errors similar to `"Status: 504. Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers"`. This is likely due to the grafana pods running OOM (Out Of Memory). Fetching a larger volume of data requires more memory for the grafana pods to temporarily store that data for processing and visualization.

If you are facing this issue, you can:

- See if you can optimize your dashboard queries, making sure you aren't fetching big volumes of data that doesn't necessarily need to be monitored.
- Lower the time frame for the dashboard, visualizing smaller intervals of the metrics.

> - Send us a ticket to increase the memory limits of grafana. Grafana doesn't live in your worker nodes, so it won’t use any resources associated with you applications.

Reviewer: that works but It could be more like this:
```suggestion
- Contact your Platform Administrators and get them to increase the memory limits of Grafana or if your a Managed services customer send us a ticket to increase the limit. As Grafana doesn't live in the workload cluster, it won’t use any resources associated with you applications.
```
Since this guide isn't just for Managed services customers.

> - Contact your Platform Administrators and get them to increase the memory limits of Grafana or if your a Managed services customer, send us a ticket to increase the limit. As Grafana doesn't live in the workload cluster, it won’t use any resources associated with you applications.

Reviewer: found this now.
nit:
```suggestion
- Contact your Platform Administrators and get them to increase the memory limits of Grafana or if your a Managed services customer, send us a ticket to increase the limit. As Grafana doesn't live in the workload cluster, it won’t use any resources associated with your applications.
```
